1. The budgeting App

2. The Bug Tracker
  - Issue Module (Can be closed/opened)
    - new issues introduced
    - report of the issue
    - sents notificationn to the IT team.
  - Solution Module (progess so far)
    - assigned to different engineers
    - report of the solution.
    - sents notificationn to the the user. (issue gets closed)
  - A communication system between the IT team and the person with a ticket for an issue
  - A data set of all bugs with solutions for future similar issues.
  - *** Inspired by: https://www.openproject.org/collaboration-software-features/bug-tracking-software/***
  additional features:
    - login/logout feature
    - exporing the report as a PDF file ...
    .
    .
    .
    
   USE THIS TO TRACK THE PROGGRESS OF UR WORK SO FAR.

2. Build an Intermittent Fasting App
  Features: 
    1. A timer that informs users how long their fasting period has lasted. 
    2. The ability to set/edit fast start and end time
    3. The ability to set fast reminder alarms
    4. Track the following stats: completed fasts, 7 day fast average, longest fast, longest streak, current streak
    5. Tracking graph to show: fast goal, reached goal, didn’t reach goal
    6. Ability to select a fast: circadian rhythm, 16:8, 18:6, 20:4, 36 hour fast
          
3. Hotel booking or Flight Booking ... (e.g., booking.com)
  Features:
    1. Login/Logout features for both users and admins if possible. (CAN BE DONE USING alt_zero)
    2. Different options with many features to choose from: Hotel, Flights, car rentals, touristic packages ... 
    3. Registering new clients (new hotesl, new partnerships ...)
    4. Possibiltiy of showing Ads
    5. A private and specific page (wishlist page) for users to add a customized wishlist trip.
    2. Having many filters to find the best optiosn based ont he user needs.
    4. Suggestion packages.
    6. Differnet Facilites (adding facilites, removing facilites). 
    7. Calendar, map, Pictures...
    8. Each city for a touristic destination could have information about differnet restaurants, stores, transportation hubs, entertainment venues ... in that city.
      it could be also filterized for specific group of people like Students, people with a disability, ...
    
4. Creating an Online/mobile Banking app (Addition of more features to the previous App built in 1022)

5. Intermittent Fasting App
  Features:
  1. A timer that informs users how long their fasting period has lasted
  2. The ability to set/edit fast start and end time
  3. The ability to set fast reminder alarms
  4. Track the following stats: completed fasts, 7 day fast average, longest fast, longest streak, current streak
  5. Tracking graph to show: fast goal, reached goal, didn’t reach goal
  6. Ability to select a fast: circadian rhythm, 16:8, 18:6, 20:4, 36 hour fast
  
6. Food Ordering System
  Similar features as the previous ones.

7. Online quiz / survey management system

8. Healthcare management system 
  Doctor’s module (records, appointments schedule, reports and other data.)
  Patient’s module (choose a doctor, book an appointment and view his/her medical record.)
  More modules and features could be added.
   
  
